0	Rivers Cuomo (/ˈkwoʊmoʊ/; born June 13, 1970) is an American musician best known as the lead vocalist, lead guitarist and songwriter of the rock band Weezer. Raised in an ashram in Connecticut, Cuomo moved to Los Angeles at 18, where he played in several rock bands before founding Weezer in 1992. Burnt out after the success of Weezer's self-titled debut album, Cuomo enrolled at Harvard University, but dropped out to record Weezer's second album, Pinkerton (1996); he later re-enrolled and graduated in 2008. Though Pinkerton is now frequently cited among the best albums of the 1990s, it was initially a commercial and critical failure, pushing Cuomo's songwriting towards pop music.
1	Harvey Forbes Fierstein (born June 6, 1954) is an American actor, playwright, and voice actor. Fierstein has won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for his own play Torch Song Trilogy (about a gay drag-performer and his quest for true love and family) and the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical for playing Edna Turnblad in Hairspray. He also wrote the book for the musical La Cage aux Folles, for which he won the Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical, and wrote the book for the Tony Award-winning Kinky Boots. He was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 2007.
2	Pocatello (/ˈpoʊkəˈtɛloʊ/) is the county seat and largest city of Bannock County, with a small portion on the Fort Hall Indian Reservation in neighboring Power County, in the southeastern part of the US state of Idaho. It is the principal city of the Pocatello metropolitan area, which encompasses all of Bannock county. As of the 2010 census the population of Pocatello was 54,255.
3	True Blood is an American dark fantasy horrortelevision series produced and created by Alan Ball. It is based on The Southern Vampire Mysteries series of novels by Charlaine Harris, detailing the co-existence of vampires and humans in Bon Temps, a fictional small town in northwestern Louisiana. The series centers on the adventures of Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin), a telepathic waitress with an otherworldly quality.
4	Warren County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The county had a Census-estimated population of 106,869 in 2015, representing a decrease of 1.7% from the 108,692 enumerated in the 2010 United States Census, in turn having increased by 6,255 (+6.1%) from 102,437 counted at the 2000 Census, retaining its position as the 19th-most populous county in the state. Its county seat is Belvidere. It is part of the Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton, PA-NJ metropolitan area and is generally considered the eastern border of the Lehigh Valley  It is considered a part of the New York-Newark, NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area, and shares its western border with the New York City Metropolitan Area, with its northwestern section bordering The Poconos. The most populous place was Phillipsburg
5	Società Sportiva Robur Siena, formerly known as Associazione Calcio Siena and often referred to as 'Robur' or simply 'Siena', is an Italian football club based in Siena, in the region of Tuscany. The club was refounded in 2014 after the bankruptcy of the previous football club, known as AC Calcio Siena and born in 1904, inheriting the city historical football tradition. Siena plays their home games at the Stadio Artemio Franchi. The ground's capacity is 15,373 and is located in the very centre of beautiful and enchanting Siena itself.
6	Kyrgyzstan (/kɜːrɡɪˈstɑːn/ kur-gi-STAHN; Kyrgyz: Кыргызстан Kyrgyzstan (IPA: [qɯrʁɯsˈstɑn]); Russian: Киргизия), officially the Kyrgyz Republic (Kyrgyz: Кыргыз Республикасы Kyrgyz Respublikasy; Russian: Кыргызская Республика Kyrgyzskaya Respublika), formerly known as Kirghizia, is a landlocked country located in Central Asia. Landlocked and mountainous, Kyrgyzstan is bordered by Kazakhstan to the north, Uzbekistan to the west, Tajikistan to the south west and China to the east. Its capital and largest city is Bishkek.
